Schema changes that are permitted with compression (#663)
timescale/docs.timescale.com-content: using-timescaledb/compression.md

Since compression performs an implicit reordering of data using `segmentby` and `orderby`, 
it is not recommended to combine this feature with [reordering][]. 

### Schema modifications [] (compression-schema-changes)

> In TimescaleDB release 2.1, we provide limited ability to modify

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of TimescaleDB 2.1, we provide some ability to modify
```

the table definition for hypertables with compressed chunks. Users
can add nullable columns and rename existing columns.

## Add nullable columns

The following syntax is supported.

``` sql

> ALTER TABLE <hypertable> ADD COLUMN <column_name> <datatype> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ALTER TABLE <hypertable> ADD COLUMN <column_name> <datatype>;
```

```
Note that adding constraints to the new column is not supported.

> ``` sql

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sample usage:
``` sql
```

ALTER TABLE conditions ADD COLUMN device_id integer;
```

## Rename columns

The following syntax is supported.

``` sql

> ALTER TABLE <hypertable> RENAME <column_name> TO <new_name> ;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ALTER TABLE <hypertable> RENAME <column_name> TO <new_name>;
```

```

> ``` sql

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sample usage:
``` sql
```

> ALTER TABLE conditions RENAME device_id TO devid ;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ALTER TABLE conditions RENAME device_id TO devid;
```

```

## Future Work [](future-work)

One of the current limitations of TimescaleDB is that once chunks are converted

> into compressed column form, we do not currently allow any further modifications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
into compressed column form, we do not currently allow any further modifications
```
```suggestion
into compressed column form, we do not currently allow further modifications
```
